as dawn-marie once said the audience
does not turn the page because of a
hunger to applaud what we all have to
understand is at the end of the day the
only thing that matters is how good is
your product whether you're trying to
build a company are you trying to be a
kick-ass employee or you're trying to be
the best parent of all time at the end
of the day the only thing that matters
is getting good the only thing that
matters is actually delivering an
extraordinary performance until you get
to that point where you can actually
knock it out of the park until you get
to the point where you can captivate
people with what you're able to do you
haven't gotten anywhere if you want to
be great if you want to leave a legacy
if you want to be remembered you've got
to focus on the acquisition of skills
you have to focus on actually getting
good that's the only thing that's really
going to capture people's imagination
and it's Vince Lombardi said the man on
top of the mountain didn't fall there
it's so tempting to look at people that
have achieved the extraordinary and
dismissed them as being more talented
than you better than you but what you
need to see is the simple truth they've
worked harder than you they've earned
something that you haven't yet earned
but here's the great news that's
empowering once you understand that they
just busted ass once you understand that
they've just put in an inhuman amount of
work and that the only thing that
distinguishes the people that are on top
of the mountain the people that have
really done something that's going to
laugh is that they put in the effort
they work on themselves they understand
that through discipline and effort over
time that we can get better that is the
human condition that is the thing that I
find most beautiful about being a person
is it doesn't matter if you're bad today
it doesn't matter where you start it
only matters where you're willing to go
and the price that you're willing to pay
to get there and once you buckle down
and you assure yourself and back it up
with action that you're willing to pay
any price to achieve the things that you
want to achieve
then you really be living a limitless
life you'll be able to do the things
that are important and as Elon Musk said
if something is important enough you
should try even if the probable outcome
is failure and that's where most people
stop and this is the one that drives me
crazy and this is the thing about really
trying to do something with your life
yes you might fail yes you might
embarrass yourself you might end up
doing a faceplant you might end up
wishing that you hadn't even started but
if it's important enough even in that
moment you've got to get back up and ask
yourself honestly where did I fail what
was the skill that I didn't have that
was required of this task and once you
stop beating yourself up once you stop
turning inward with a judgment of I'm
not good enough and you start turning
inward with the judgment of I don't have
good enough skills yet then you can do
something because you know it's only a
matter of time effort and focus between
who you are today and who you need to
become to actually do that thing so
don't worry about whether or not you're
going to fail because the only promise
that I can make is that you will fail
and as long as the only promise that
you're willing to make yourself is that
you won't stop ultimately you will get
to the top of the mountain
you
[Music]